Let's take a look at the edges.
The edges are here,
and we don't have too much inside the edges.
We have non node data handles,
child node, parent node.
Actually, we don't have any owned data handles.
So edges don't take on ownership of anything.
They are simply intermediaries between two nodes, child node,
and parent node, and we have some proprietary members,
though we have an ID as for the graph nodes.
We have in a list of keywords which is associated with the current edge,
which helps us decide whether we want to move along this edge or along another edge,
depending on the query which is posed to the chat bod by the user.
We want look into the implementation right now.
It's very similar to graph node,
apart from a few small differences here and there,
with regard to student tasks.
Let's open it up very briefly to show that it's
a very small function actually and it doesn't have any student tasks inside.
So you won't deal very much with graph edges,
at least not with the implementation.